# MY WEBPAGE
#### Video Demo:  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gCJxVJeXgg)
#### Description:

My project is a continutation of my Week 8 problem set (HTML, CSS, JavaScript). My project is a personal/professional webpage that showcases my resume, educational background, portfolio, and certifications. The webpage primarily uses Pug (HTML), SCSS, and JavaScript. 

I began by using the skeleton from my Week 8 problem set. The visuals needing sprucing up, so I found a simple, free Bootstrap template online, to which I began making my changes. I decided to use GitHub Codespaces apart from CS50's, so right away had some learning to do re: Git commands and the like. Not only that, but the Bootstrap template employed separate "dist" and "src" folders with which I had to familiarize myself. For instance, I initially made my changes in the "dist" folder, which was a mistake. Every time I attempted to serve my webpage, the "dist" folder re-wrote itself and all of my changes were lost. 

Furthermore, to even use the template as intended, I needed to run commands such as "npm build" and "npm start," which necessitated installing Node.js. Suffice it to say, I had barely begun and already had learned quite a bit. In any case, the project began in earnest as I input my professional background, educational background, skills, and certifications. Along the way I added links to my email, LinkedIn, and GitHub. I also looked into Font Awesome icons for the sake of adding visual flair to my "Skills" section. 

Before long, most of the essentials were complete. But what's this? The template includes a bit of JavaScript? It took longer than I'd like to admit to discern that the included JavaScript determined the behavior of the navigational sidebar on mobile devices. In other words, the JavaScript made my webpage responsive. Intrigued and eager to try my hand at some more JavaScript, I added code that made my "Portfolio" and "Skills" sections interactive. The "Skills" section was relatively straightforward: no major issues adding dynamic tooltips on hover. These tooltips brought up a mini-image of the relevant certification for the user to view. The "Portfolio" section, on the other hand, was a challenge. 

Originally, my ambition was to use JavaScript + Slick Carousel to add a carousel through which the user could scroll to view my various portfolio pieces/writing samples. Though I could go most of the way, the finishing touches proved unduly problematic. Too many CSS elements conflicted with too many other elements, and I kept ending up backed into a corner: get the carousel to work at the cost of visual consistency with the rest of the webpage, or maintain consistency at the cost of the carousel. In the future, I'd like to spent the time needed to eat my cake and have it too. For the sake of time, however, I ultimately used much simpler CSS and JavaScript to create interactive portfolio images that the user could click to open the respective documents in their entirety. 

Ultimately, I plan to use this webpage for the rest of my career. As such, I'm excited to continue work on it, undoubtedly tweaking and fiddling for the rest of my professional life. 